Single liked lists: each node has two parts, value and next nodes memory location.
allows us to add and remove nodes easily

Circular singly linked list: Holds all the same properties as the singly linked lists however the tail points to
the start of the linked list.
    you have a head node that points to the start of the circular linked list and a tail node that points to
    the end of the circular linked lists. This is so that you can quickly add and remove nodes. This is normal
    for linked lists. The differentiator is that the final node (the one that the tail node points to - remmeber
    the tail node is only for accessing the final node) points to the first node.
    This allows you to go back to the very beginning of the linked list and start again whcih is NOT possible
    with a regular singly linked list.

    example: you have 4 players that each take a turn to put a card down and then you go again with player one. 
    This would not be possible with a singly linked lsit because once you get to the final player it points to
    null. Thsi is where a circular singly linked lsit comes into play. The final player points to the first 
    player.

Doubly Linked List: Very similar to singly linked list however each node has 3 parts. The data, the previous
noodes memory locaiton, and the next nodes memory location. You still have the singly linked list properties 
(REMEMBER this is onyl a double linked list. not a circualr doubly linked lsit.) so you have a head node that
points to the first node and a tail node that points to the last node for ease of access. then the actual list
has nodes w data, prev nodes memory add, next nodes memory add. With the first node having null for previous node
memory location, and the final node having null for the next nodes memory locaiton.
    this is important because singly linked lists are only one direction, you cannot go backwards. a circular
    singly linked list allows you to start back at the beginning after the end however you still can only go in
    one directoin. double linked lists allow you to go booth forwards and backwards.

    example of doubly linked lists appliation: a music player where you have to be able to go back and forward.

Circular doubly linked list: similar to doubly linked list and circular linked list. there's a head node that
points to the start of the circualr doubly linked list and a tail node that points to the end of it. Then each 
node has 3 parts. the data, the previous nodes memory location, the next nodes memory locaiton. now how this 
is unique is that the first nodes previous nodes memoory location points to the final node rather than null. and
the final nodes next nodes memory location points to the first node.
    example: control tab and control shift tab in chrome. contol tab allows you to go to the next tab and ocne you
    go to the final tab and hit shift tab it goes to the first node. when doing shift tab and you're at the first
    tab and hit shift tab, you are now at the final tab. 